Today we'll be reviewing the process for applying for the Edith Nourse Rogers STEM Scholarship.
A number of changes have been made to the application process to better inform veterans of the eligibility requirements for the scholarship
These changes will give veterans better  information that can be used to continue or stop the application process. The first set of changes can be found on the how to apply page after clicking the find your benefit form button.
The user is presented with the same three radio buttons, but the text has been tweaked to provide additional information.  The STEM scholarship button
now includes reference to the benefits that are eligible for the scholarship: Post-9/11 GI Bill and/or Fry Scholarship recipients.
After selecting the option to apply for the scholarship.
the veteran is presented with brand new content that outlines the eligibility requirements for the scholarship.
These requirements are listed as bullets. After reviewing the eligibility requirements, the veteran can opt to continue applying for the STEM scholarship
if they believe they meet the requirements or the can stop the process.
If the veteran clicks NO, they are presented with a link to review other benefits that they may be eligible for.
If the veteran clicks YES, they can continue with the application process by clicking "Apply Now".
After clicking apply now button, the veteran is taken to the application. The changes are a little further into the application. So I'll click through these first few screens quickly.
I'd like to take a moment on the Education Benefits screen to let you know that while there is no change to this page, the way that the veteran answers this question will impact the application process in the next few screens.  For this demo,
I will select the Montgomery GI Bill.
Now, we are on the STEM scholarship section of the application.  The first change to note on this page is the informational content displayed at the top of the page.  This was previously hidden behind an expandable helper link.
Next I will answer these first three questions, which I haven't changed as part of this update.
Yes, I am applying for the STEM Scholarship.
No, I am not enrolled in an undergraduate STEM degree program.
Yes, I have a STEM degree
and am pursuing a teaching certification. Here is the next change, the fourth question asking about my remaining benefits is a new question that aligns to the eligibility criteria.  For this demo, I will say no.
After answering all the questions, because they're required I continue the application.
This is a new page that has been added to the application.  It displays a summary of the STEM Scholarship application to the user.  Note, this page will only be displayed to the user
if they do not appear to meet all of the eligibility criteria.  In this case, remember that I selected the Montgomery GI Bill option,
the "x" indicates that was not an eligible benefit. The check mark indicates that I met the other eligibility requirement.
Now because this is an application and not a final judgment on the ability to receive the scholarship, the veteran can opt to continue applying for the STEM scholarship by answering Yes to the eligibility question.
However, if they're confident that they're not eligible,
they can opt to not continue the STEM application by answering No.
If they answer NO, they can then either explore other education benefits they may be eligible for OR, they can opt to continue the 1995 form to update their program of study or place of training.
And that is an overview of the new changes to the form wizard and the STEM scholarship application process, the remainder of the application workflow is remaining the same Thank you for your time, and have a good day.